Aah! Oh, my God!
He got my baby!
Aah! No! My baby!
Ah, careful, Daywalker.
I've been told about you.
Your weakness for humans.
Why'd you kill Vance?
He'd outlived his purpose.
He died a good death.
Quick, clean.
I wouldn't know anything about that.
You will.
How are you able to survive in sunlight?
Haven't you read Stoker's fable?
I was the first of the vampires.
I am unique.
So that's why they brought you back.
Of course.
They believe through me
they could become Daywalkers.
Look at them down there.
Scurrying around like insects.
They don't know anything about honor
or living by the sword,
not like you and I do.
Do you think they could ever grasp
what it means to be immortal?
You're not immortal.
I must've heard hundreds of you rodents
make the same claim.
Each one of them have tasted
the end of my sword.
Perhaps I will too, then,
but I think it is more likely
the next time we meet,
you fall before mine.
Catch!
Cootchie coo.
Did you see that guy?
We're gonna lose, man.
We're gonna...
Oh! God!
We're gonna fucking lose!
What did the one lesbian vampire
say to the other?
Shut up, King.
See you in 28 days.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Hold on.
What are you... what is that?
What are you doing?
It's an elastic protein, okay?
It's gonna stop the hemorrhaging.
Okay.
Is it gonna hurt?
Yeah, it's gonna sting a little.
Really?
Fuck me!
Aah!
I had a family once.
Wife, two daughters.
Then a drifter came calling
one evening.
A vampire.
He toyed with 'em first.
Tried to make me decide
which order they'd die in.
I've been doing this a long time.
Since before you were born.
I don't want this life for you, Abby.
Hey, Blade.
I got a question for you.
Say we're successful.
Say we wipe out all the vampires.
What then, huh?
You ever ask yourself that?
I mean, somehow,
l... I don't picture you teaching karate
at the local Y.
He hates me, doesn't he?
Yeah.
Why do you wear that symbol?
Old habits.
I was a good Catholic schoolgirl...
...once.
I was there when they crucified him.
He died for their sins.
Not mine.
And what are your sins?
Would you care to confess them?
Take it off.
Why?
I will make you a better one.
There's an old saying.
Kill one man, you're a murderer...
...kill a million, a king.
Kill 'em all...
...a god.
Why do you do that?
Because there's something bad
inside of me.
This keeps it from getting out.
Why can't you just be nice?
Because the world isn't nice.
I found where the vampires are working.
Biomedica Enterprises.
They've been buying up
all sorts of supplies.
Check it out.
Taq polymerase,
bone marrow growth supplement,
genetic sequencing enzymes.
You want a party favor?
Lucky seven.
Silver hollow points.
Done.
You wanted to see me?
We've got trouble.
Doing a little moonlighting, Chief?
Shit!
What are you doing here?
Talk.
Spill it!
You know what we're doing.
What's inside?
Aah!
Now, what's behind door number one?
I can't tell you.
They... they'll kill me.
Kill you?
Motherfucker, I'll kill you.
I'll just enjoy it better.
You know the routine.
Lights.
God in Heaven.
What is this place?
It's a blood farming facility.
Vampires decided that hunting humans
on a piecemeal basis was...
too inefficient.
Why kill your prey
when you can keep them alive?
Under optimal conditions,
a donor can generate
anywhere from 50 to 100
pints of blood.
Productive.
Where do you get all these people?
They got processing centers
in every major city.
At any given time, there's what,
two, three million homeless
wandering around America?
They just pull 'em in off the streets.
Nobody cares about them.
We're doing this country
a service, really.
Vampire final solution.
Are they aware?
Do they feel anything?
They're in a chemical-induced coma.
They're brain dead.
Look at this.
This the future you want?
Don't you think that they have
a place for you in their future?
We don't have a choice!
They're going to win.
Can't you see that?
He's come back!
There's nothing stopping them now.
There's me.
Go!
You got 20 seconds.
Twenty.
Shutdown password... what is it?
Harvest.
Put it in.
Let's go.
Where'd you go?
See? I turned my back on you.
- Oh! You win.
- One more, one more.
"Now, Nome King,
having never tried to be good,
was very bad indeed."
"Having decided to conquer
the land of Oz
and to destroy the Emerald City..."
This ain't no video game.
Come on, now.
Dude, you're dead.
Mom, the lights are weird.
What do you mean?
They're going on and off.
Guys?
Zoe, I want you to go,
and I want you to hide, okay?
Like we talked about. Go on.
Zoe?
Get out of here, Zoe!
Hide!
Goddamn it, Zoe!
Goddamn it!
Aah!
Something's not right.
King!
Zoe?
Zoe.
Whistler.
Use it.
Aah!
Back off, pooch.
Jesus Christ!
What the fuck?!
Good dog.
His name's Pac-Man.
We've been porting the vampire gene
into other species... experimenting.
You made a goddamn
vampire Pomeranian?
Yeah.
Precious, isn't he?
Well, that depends who you ask,
because clearly,
this dog has a bigger dick than you.
And when the fuck
did you see my dick, fuckface?
Ow!
I was talking to her!
Poor King.
You look so distraught!
Give me that chair.
You're tasting a little bland, lover.
Are you getting enough
fatty acids in your diet?
Have you tried lake trout?
Mackerel?
How about you take
a sugar-frosted fuck
off the end of my dick?
And how about everyone here
not saying the word "dick" anymore?
It provokes my envy.
Tell us about Blade, King.
What's this weapon
he's been planning?
I can tell you two things.
One... your hairdo is ridiculous.
Two, I ate a lot of garlic,
and I just farted.
Silent but deadly.
Spit it out, you fucking fruitcake!
All right! Fuck!
I'll tell you about the weapon.
It's a new flavor crystal formula.
Twice the chocolaty goodness,
half the calories.
Plus, it helps
prevent tooth decay. There.
You're brave, King.
I'll give you that.
But underneath all that swagger,
I know what you really fear.
What would hurt you
more than anything else.
You don't want to go back
to being one of us, do you?
I'm gonna bite you again, King.
And I'm gonna leave you here
while you turn.
I'm going to watch you day after day
as the thirst
keeps building and building.
And then,
when you can't stand it anymore...
...Im gonna bring the little girl in here...
...for you to feed on.
Would you like that, King?
Would you enjoy taking her life?
Now we're getting somewhere, my pet.
Are you all right?
Yeah. I'll be fine.
Don't let it turn inward.
Ever since I can remember,
I've had this...
I've had this knife of sadness
in my heart.
And as long as it's there,
you know, I'm... I'm strong.
And I'm... I'm untouchable.
But the moment that I take it out...
...l- I'll just die.
He's one of ours.
My name is Caulder.
I'll be your driver this evening.
Sommerfield left you a video message.
If you're watching this,
I'm already dead.
If Zoe's alive, I want you to promise me
that you'll take care of her, okay?
I've been reading her
the Oz books every night.
We just started reading
The Emerald City of Oz.
You know, the one
with the Nome King?
I think I've managed to cultivate
a workable strain of the DayStar virus.
As a precaution, I transmitted
the genetic sequence to Caulder
in case our main stock was destroyed.
In order for it
to achieve maximum lethality,
you're gonna need to interfuse it
with Drake's blood.
Now, if it works,
every vampire in the immediate vicinity
should die almost instantly.
There's one other thing.
Blade, you need to know
that there's a chance
the virus could destroy you, too.
Because you're a hybrid,
l...I'm not sure if your immune system
will be able to tolerate it.
I'm sorry. We just didn't have
enough time to properly test it.
So, shall we take a look
at the plague arrow?
I only had time to fabricate
a small amount of DayStar.
However, I was able to outfit it.
A compressed gas projectile...
...that can be shot from one
of the four-barrel rifles or a bow.
Either way, you must be sure
that the shot counts.
You would simply not have enough
for a second shot.
Do you know who I am?
You're the Nome King.
Ah.
The Nome King.
How sweet.
Tell me, child,
do you want to die?
I'm not afraid.
I'll go to Heaven.
There is no Heaven.
No God, no angels.
The only thing in your future
is nothingness.
But what if you could change that?
What if you could
remain a child forever?
Wouldn't you like that?
Wouldn't you accept that gift?
My friends are coming to kill you.
This blood
Wake the night!
It's gonna wake the night
This blood
It's gonna wake the night!
- This blood
- Wake the night!
It's gonna wake the night
- This blood
- Wake the night!
Wake the night!
This blood
It's gonna wake the night!
Gonna be sorry you did that.
Why?
Nobody's coming for you, Kingshit.
Sure they are.
God...
See, one of the things you fuckheads
need to know about us Nightstalkers
is that when you join our club, you get
all sorts of groovy little door prizes.
And one of them is this nifty little tracking
node surgically implanted in your body.
- Bullshit.
- Yeah.
See, when one of us goes missing...
...the others,
they just dial up the satellite
which is in space.
And then presto.
Instant cavalry.
You like that, huh?
Go fuck your sister.
Okay, King.
Where is this tracking node of yours?
It's in my left ass check.
Fine.
It's in my right ass cheek.
Okay, I'm... okay, seriously, now.
It's in the meat of my butt,
just below the Hello Kitty tattoo.
Seriously, just pull down
my tighty-whities and see for yourself.
Enough!
It's not funny anymore!
No, it's not,
you horse-humping bitch!
But it will be a few seconds from now.
See, that tickle that you're feeling
in the back of your throat right now...
...that's atomized colloidal silver.
It's being pumped through
the building's air conditioning system,
you cock-juggling thundercunt!
Which means the fat lady
should be singing
right about now!
This is awkward.
Do you have a cell phone?
Um... a little help here.
- Are you all right?
- Yeah.
- Where's Zoe?
- Drake's got her.
Okay.
Thank you.
I brought your toys.
Try to keep up.
Aah!
Abby!
Hey.
You okay?
Okay. Let's get you out of here.
Watch out!
Fuck me.
Oh, fuck me sideways!
Oh, yeah.
He's a cute little guy, aren't ya?
Good little puppies.
Yeah, you're gonna stay.
You stay.
Oh. There's a pretty smile.
Yeah.
I'm going to, uh...
Hey, dickface.
You seen my dog?
Have you tried the lobby?
Thank you.
Fuck...
Come on, King.
...this.
Blade.
Ready to die?
I was born ready, motherfucker.
Motherfucker.
I like that.
Aah!
You broke my arm!
Are you ready to die, motherfucker?
Give it up.
Come on.
Give it up, King.
Give it up.
Hang in there, kitten.
I'll get help.
Funny, isn't it?
All this time, my people were trying
to create a new kind of vampire,
when one already exists.
I don't need to survive.
The future of our race rests with you.
You fought with honor.
I respect that.
Allow me a parting gift.
But remember this.
Sooner or later,
the thirst always wins.
And Blade?
The virus didn't kill him.
Because he was a hybrid,
his heart never stopped beating.
It simply slowed down.
And so he slept,
waiting for the moment when he
could walk the earth again.
Yo, yo
It's the feast of the blood
Unleash the beast within
I walk around with the strength
of a hundred men
You best run before I count to ten
Blood dripping from my canine
like a fountain pen
The shape-shifting mirror image
flash phototype
The everlasting vision,
the red battle type
Try to use my name,
that's fatal
Tried to claim my fame,
but that's fatal
About to raise the pain,
that's fatal
Bite through your jugular vein,
Walk with me,
come on, walk with me
Come on, walk with me,
walk with me
I strike back with a vengeance,
The father, your descendants
And I can't be deflected
by your silver cross pendants
Bloody holy water,
you made the false images
What's waiting for the sickle?
You're like the nemesis
Sting like the scorpion,
strike with the force again
My blood in those
who revitalize the corpse I'm in
And the last thing,
they said the dead would walk again
The blind, deaf and the dumb
will talk again
Try to use my name,
that's fatal
Trying to claim my fame,
About to raise the pain,
that's fatal
Bite through your jugular vein,
You don't even know me
You can't even see me
Friendlier than daylight
Now Im back,
now Im back again
Don't be scared, baby
Can't you see I'm thirsty?
Friends of the daylight
Let me drink,
let me drink, my friend
Don't be scared, baby
Don't be afraid
Friends of the daylight
And I'm back,
and I'm back again
Never going nowhere
You can't run from me
Day or night, baby
Can I drink,
can I drink again?
Yeah
Can we drink,
can we drink, my friend?
Don't be scared, baby
Can't you see I'm thirsty?
And I'm back,
and I'm back again
First things first, man,
you can't fight the thirst
You can't call the doctor,
you can't call the nurse
You got that Louis logo
on the side of your purse
And those tight minis
about to make me burst
I can't think,
let me sink into your jugular
Come have a drink
with the thirsty love guzzler
From the dark side,
baby, don't be afraid
You can't fight the thirst
nor escape the plague
I've been scopin' ya
hoping you'd be open to
Take a sip of the potion
'cause it's overdue
It's not your ordinary,
it's a special brew
In the heat of the night,
I will rescue you
Never going nowhere
You can't run from me
Day or night, baby
Can I drink,
can I drink again?
Yeah
Can we drink,
can we drink, my friend?
Don't be scared, baby
Can't you see I'm thirsty?
And I'm back,
and I'm back again
Allow me a parting gift.
But remember this.
Sooner or later,
the thirst will always win.
And I'm back,
and I'm back again